feat: add C implementation for `stats/base/dists/planck/variance` (#4908)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/planck/variance/README.md

<!-- /.references -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/planck/variance.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_planck_variance( lambda )

> Returns the variance for planck distribution with shape parameter `λ`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the [variance][variance] of a Planck distribution with shape parameter `λ`.
```

```c
double out = stdlib_base_dists_planck_variance( 0.1 );
// returns ~99.9167
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **lambda**: `[in] double` shape parameter.

```c
double stdlib_base_dists_planck_variance( const double lambda );
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- C API usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

### Examples

```c

> #include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/planck/variance.h"
> #include <stdlib.h>
> #include <stdio.h>
> static double random_uniform( const double min, const double max ) {
>     double v = (double)rand() / ( (double)RAND_MAX + 1.0 );
>     return min + ( v*(max-min) );
> }
> int main( void ) {
>     double lambda;
>     double y;
>     int i;
> 
>     for ( i = 0; i < 25; i++ ) {
>         lambda = random_uniform( 0.1, 10.0 );
>         y = stdlib_base_dists_planck_variance( lambda );
>         printf( "λ: %lf, Var(X; λ): %lf\n", lambda, y );
>     }
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/planck/variance.h"
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdio.h>

static double random_uniform( const double min, const double max ) {
    double v = (double)rand() / ( (double)RAND_MAX + 1.0 );
    return min + ( v*(max-min) );
}

int main( void ) {
    double lambda;
    double y;
    int i;

    for ( i = 0; i < 25; i++ ) {
        lambda = random_uniform( 0.1, 10.0 );
        y = stdlib_base_dists_planck_variance( lambda );
        printf( "λ: %lf, Var(X; λ): %lf\n", lambda, y );
    }
}
```
